you
hey everyone it's me the DEA's viewer
now i'm here to talk to you today about
a new game pokemon soul silver version
okay i guess i came off as kind of dorky
now the first pokemon game i ever played
was pokemon firered version and boy did
i love it it was great it was unique I
love the audio and I was just playing
cool and it was really great playing
that game looking back at it it's still
really fun and I especially like my
level 100 venusaur yeah that's right the
generations have went by I played the
pokemon platinum done in Pearl emerald
sapphire but I've never really been
touched by pokemon game the way I was by
fire red in the second generation of
Pokemon they added a lot of new features
and stuff and once again they've added a
ton to this new game that hadn't
appeared in diamond peron platinum and
buy this game I mean heartgold and
soulsilver I'm just referring to it as
soul silver because that is the one I
played and not in fact heart gold
despite the changes the Pokemon series
keeps its fresh awesomeness as it always
has and I doubt it will ever get rid of
it the game takes place three years
after the events of pokemon firered and
leafgreen and there's a new trainer from
the Johto region who wants to become the
best and someday maybe even find read
the great pokemon trainer from canto and
defeat him himself or herself that is
depending on which gender character you
choose to play us it's probably going to
be the gender that you are girl I don't
see why not function wise if you're not
new to the Pokemon series
notice the increased use of the touch
screen including in the map screen and
most of the other stuff including the
Pokemon boxes they literally make every
single last thing an option you can do
on the touch screen such as checking
talking running riding your bike and a
fishing pole ah then that's a lot of
touchscreen stuff of course I wouldn't
have time to explain everything about
the game so I'm just going to run
through the basics you can have six
Pokemon in your party one of which
appears with you as you're rocking and
you can battle with it in battles
against wild pokemon or trainers and
then when you do that your Pokemon tons
experience points if it participated
which can help it level up and evolve
and you can battle of your trainers and
get the gym leaders beat the pokemon
champion continue the story blah blah
blah I think you're just gonna have to
play the game yourself to get through
all that stuff I'm just saying that it's
all great the under executed minigames
they have as an excuse for leaving our
pokemon contests are these games called
the pokey flan games you enter three
pokemon which can have a certain amount
of stats such as power speed jump and
other stuff like that in special
contests designed for those kinds of
powers I didn't really see how it was
helpful for the game at all or how it
made you any better of a player so I
mostly just didn't play it and try to
avoid it and continue with the story and
do most of the good stuff perhaps the
hugest thing about this game early so
they say
the pokewalker pedometer they released
with the game and you can connect it to
your desk cartridge so you can send over
a Pokemon to train by walking around for
experience points you see I would show
you footage of the one I had but the
problem is I lost it the fact is it's so
small you will lose it unless you are
super good at taking care of your stuff
which unfortunately I am not so pity me
I love to explore of a Johto region it's
nice and big and it's full of great
stuff that you can always do because
well the place that you're just so
unique it's always fun to go to and go
around when I first heard that this game
was announced I was like I was just
lifted to poky heaven because I knew
that the canto region was in the Giotto
games in the second generation and they
were obviously going to revamp it for
the fourth generation and so yes of
course I did go to the content region
because I love pokemon firered but to my
disappoint the cotton reaching just
really wasn't fun to go to this time it
seemed kind of small too how should I
put this they let you go anywhere at any
time and it didn't exactly feel like
starting out a new adventure overall I
just like to stay in the Johto region it
would have been nice if they had
something like the seven islands they
had in pokemon firered and leafgreen
unfortunately they didn't despite the
fact that they could have done some
stuff better I still think they pokemon
soul silver and in this case pokemon
heartgold as well are great games you
should totally get them and they are so
worth the money it doesn't matter how
much you're fighting them for even if
it's one hundred dollars just get that
game
well anyways you know this game is worth
a dsi by and for now this is the DS
viewer signing off